Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hi. Hi, how are you
Brooke Sizemore: Good, how are you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm good. I just
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, let me find your I lost your picture.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There. Okay, so I'm Jill Kirby. I'm a nurse practitioner with bright heart health, and I'll be working with you going forward. So, um, can you just tell me a little bit about yourself.
Brooke Sizemore: I am seeking treatment because I wasn't a methadone program and then with all this
Brooke Sizemore: Quarantine stuff that was interesting. And it just became extremely difficult to keep going there because they moved everybody out why the lines are like six hours.
Brooke Sizemore: They said I couldn't bring my son. I don't have anybody to watch him and it just got really difficult to keep going there and I wanted to just keep doing that, but I need something to okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you were in the Methadone program for what drug, were you using
Brooke Sizemore: Heroin, okay.
Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How long have you been in the Methadone program.
Then
Brooke Sizemore: I think
Brooke Sizemore: November of last year. And the last year.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And how's that been going for you since then.
Brooke Sizemore: Fine till now. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you going to counseling or therapy as part of the Methadone program.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Counseling. Okay, do you go every day, or how often do you go
Brooke Sizemore: I'm like once a week. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now do you take your son with you then or who watches your son.
Brooke Sizemore: And my fiance watches him then. But when we're getting our we're both in that we're both in the program. So when there was like a six hour wait like we both had to go and then we didn't have anybody else to watch him and we couldn't go like alternating because then he'd be late.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So is your fiance still doing the Methadone then
Brooke Sizemore: You know he's trying a different going in a different program. Okay. We have different insurance. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How long were you on the heroin.
Brooke Sizemore: Um, maybe like six months.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, had you done other drugs before
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, I've been
Brooke Sizemore: Using the heroin before. And then I had six years clean up.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you, how did you get clean. Was that on the Methadone
Brooke Sizemore: No, I went to an impatient.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then you just kind of relapsed
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, I did. I went to invasion 2011
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What do you think caused the relapse.
Brooke Sizemore: My fiance relapse because he fell off ability and and broke his back in like four places and then that he was just in pain all the time.
Brooke Sizemore: And then was time they were trying to give him pain pills constantly because they said he had he needed him, even though he kept growing and he's in recovery, but it just got too much because
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. Is this the same fiance that you've had, like, did you, is this a fiance had like six
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. So you guys have been together a long time.
Brooke Sizemore: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take any other medicines that are prescribed by anybody. No, no, no history of any heart problems, blood pressure as mom lung problems.
Brooke Sizemore: I don't take anything. Okay, what's this like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Asthma as a child, but it hasn't flared up
Brooke Sizemore: Right, have it any hailer it's just like as needed. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How often do you use that
Brooke Sizemore: Kind of a lot during the summer because the grass.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, do you have a primary care doctor
Brooke Sizemore: Know,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You might might want to get a primary care provider to help manage your asthma.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know that we wouldn't have to use that inhaler as a rescue inhaler and keep it more better control during the summer, like you said, the grass and everything just
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We can talk about that as it gets closer to grass cutting time but I heard you guys had some good weather over the weekend.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, it's pretty nice right now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm in Arizona. I don't know if I mentioned that I moved to Arizona.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Ago, originally, I'm from Ohio. So I'm still license there in Ohio.
Brooke Sizemore: Mom That's cool. I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It is my cell here. So I do like it. Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you allergic to any medicines just allergic to grass, but any medicines that you're aware of
Brooke Sizemore: I'm back. JOHN
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What happens when you take back down.
Brooke Sizemore: Just like Hive outbreak. OK.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Ok won't give you any bathroom so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you working right now.
Brooke Sizemore: No we're stopped, we're not working with like temporarily shut down.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because of this,
Brooke Sizemore: Because of the code. Yeah, what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you do
Brooke Sizemore: Just like freelance a subcontractor
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Day worker like
Brooke Sizemore: The app workers. I work on like a several different of the apps.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Pretty cool. Who do you do that for just whoever
Brooke Sizemore: Well, I worked for the two scooter companies to the scooter companies.
Brooke Sizemore: I am yeah that's pretty cool. Yeah, lot of free time, you can basically make your own schedule. I like it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you teach yourself all that or go to school or
Brooke Sizemore: No, do that. They just hire basically anybody
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And so then they trained you to help work on the apps or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If
Brooke Sizemore: You don't actually see anybody. It's just kind of like learn on there as well. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But I mean, learn on the job, and they're investing in us. So they must like you like you must be able to employ them to invest all that, you know, time and money into yeah so that's great.
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, do you have family in the area.
Brooke Sizemore: Oh look, most live like inner being it's about an hour away.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what city are you in
Brooke Sizemore: Columbus Columbus. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Night that's I used to live in Columbus, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're both are your mom and dad still living or
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, just in Urbana, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you see them a lot.
Brooke Sizemore: Maybe once a month.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's pretty nice.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are they in pretty good health, or do they have any health conditions.
Brooke Sizemore: They're pretty good I think. Good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And how many children do you have
Just one.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And how old is your son.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah yeah he's five. Oh, that's a funny.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah.
Brooke Sizemore: school every day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So he's in kindergarten or
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, but they're
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what are you doing to keep being occupied
Brooke Sizemore: All kinds of stuff learning games at home or learning games.
Brooke Sizemore: Play Games.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Everybody's loving all that time with mama.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, can't do nothing. It's getting crazy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You guys have been been locked down for a while. Haven't you
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, four weeks. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any idea when they're going to stop that.
Brooke Sizemore: I'm not really, no.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I haven't heard either. So here in Arizona. Everything's closed, but we're not, we haven't been told, we have to say in our house or anything, but there's nothing to do. So like they'd be
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Closed down the parks, because everybody was going into the parks and the parks became overcrowded so now you can't even go to parks or anything. So I just want
Brooke Sizemore: Your head when I'm not working.
Brooke Sizemore: This blank.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Stare so um
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So have you ever tried Suboxone
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you try it off the street.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's right, it
Brooke Sizemore: Was prescribed. It was like
Brooke Sizemore: Before I went to impatient. It wasn't like that's like a long term management. It was just kind of like that to help with the withdrawals and then I just got off.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So we use this box. What I'm sorry, what's your insurance. I didn't ask that.
Brooke Sizemore: Territory.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So okay, so we use care source wants us to use the Suboxone film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Or their
Brooke Sizemore: Last minute
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Suboxone film. So, this what the Suboxone does is it walks yourself goes from one to the heroin and so it makes yourself think that they're getting the drug that
Brooke Sizemore: Hold on.
Brooke Sizemore: Okay, Alan.
Brooke Sizemore: Alan, he keeps calling. I think maybe he's trying to get hold of you or is outside or something. And he's interrupting this thing.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So the stop sign. Well, tell yourself that that's what you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Don't make yourself think that that's what they are getting so they won't afraid that heroin anymore. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So the Methadone that you were on and the Suboxone they work in different way, but they both can do this thing. So just like with methadone. Some people get really constipated with methadone, because of the way
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's action so you can get constipated with Suboxone too.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So make sure you're drinking a lot of fluid, a lot of water, you know, increase your intake of fiber. Eat fresh fruits, fresh, fresh vegetables, that kind of thing. And you can even get a stool softener at the drugstore, or even like at a Walmart or
Something
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To help keep that keep yourself going regularly.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm just
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, so we'll start you're on some Suboxone and what we need to do we need to figure out what your dose is going to be. And to do that, what I'm going to do is I'll call in the Suboxone to your pharmacy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you will also get
Jill Beavers-Kirby: This written down from our care coordinators, because it's just so you have a piece of paper with it in front of you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what you're going to do is you're gonna wait until you're in withdrawal. Okay, so, you know, you're going to feel bad, your eyes are going to water your nose is going to run
Brooke Sizemore: You know, you might have
Jill Beavers-Kirby: goosebumps, you know. So when you start to feel like you're in in withdrawal, not a little bit. We want you to feel and withdraw.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To take a half a film. So you put it in between your cheek and gum or under your tongue and you let it dissolve.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And it takes about 20 minutes or two for you to start feeling the effects. So after you know
Jill Beavers-Kirby: 20 minutes you're going to start feeling some of the effects. And then, you know, it's going to go out through your bloodstream. So you're going to take
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The first half of the film. And then you're going to see how you feel and about four hours. And so in four hours if you still feel bad crappy icky.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I want you to go ahead and take
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Take another half of film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: See how you're doing.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Again, same way you put it between your cheek and gum or under your tongue and let it dissolve.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then that's kind of how we figure out the dough. So you're going to wait a few more hours. See how you feel if you still feel bad. You're going to take a half of film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And so you're going to do this for the first couple of days until you figure out that, hey, I feel good after I take one film or, you know, I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: After I take one and a half films or whatever that dose is going to be for you. Everybody's different. It has nothing to do with
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How much drug you've done in the past how long you've been on medicine has nothing to do with that. It's how your body is going to metabolize this medicine. So your those might be different than somebody else's dose. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, and that's totally fine. So the next time we meet you and I will talk about that, like, Hey, how are you doing, how, how did you do, you know, on your start
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How many films. You can a day to feel good and everything. And so you'll let me know that and that's that'll be the dose that we start
Brooke Sizemore: Out on
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So right now, and you know, I'm going to call you in some film so that you you'll have enough that we can figure that out. Going forward through the next week. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, and then bright heart health. They do group counseling.
Yeah, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We have our counseling meetings on Wednesdays at one o'clock in the afternoon. It'll be just like this. But it'll be myself a therapist and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A few patients and we talked about how the week went how everybody is doing, how we're managing if there's any changes we need to make with anybody's medications, all of that information. And we talked about that during the group. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Thursday Wednesday's
Brooke Sizemore: Wednesday's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Wednesday's that one. Yeah, so I will, you know, we'll see you again next Wednesday at one o'clock. Okay.
Brooke Sizemore: Okay, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, so that's kind of what we put the medicines there. There's a couple other medicines we can talk about
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Some people feel like nervous or antsy inside when they're not taking heroin like inside their, their bodies.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you have that problem.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just let me know and we can try something called Clonidine, and even just a little Clonidine tends to work. So, um, you know, we can definitely try that. If you run into that problem.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like I said, that's kind of what we do for the medicine part
Brooke Sizemore: Let me
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let me make sure I have the right pharmacy in here for you to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is your fiance working or his job is keeping
Brooke Sizemore: His
Disability
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then are you on disability or
No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So how do you support yourself.
Brooke Sizemore: Oh, I was working, but I'm about to apply for unemployment, because they extended it to gig workers and like freelancers that just
Brooke Sizemore: Great. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So let's see, I have the Walgreens, and here
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, right. Cleveland Avenue.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay, perfect. So I've got that in there.
Alright.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, so we talked about your family, you're feeling okay now. No problems. Have you ever had any surgeries.
Brooke Sizemore: No, no.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We talked about your asthma.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What questions do you have for me.
Brooke Sizemore: Um, I think you covered everything I could think of right now, okay.
Any
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Problems with anxiety or depression.
Brooke Sizemore: Anxiety. Kind of, yeah. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What do you do to manage your anxiety.
Brooke Sizemore: I don't know, just dragged myself. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, have you ever thought about hurting yourself suicidal or homicidal anything
No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you feel safe in your home.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You would tell me if you didn't
Brooke Sizemore: Bow ugly.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I would hope.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So do you have brothers and sisters
Brooke Sizemore: Sisters to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are they in Urbana also yeah
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So did you graduate from Urbana
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I went to school.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I have some friends who still live there. So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm sure
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, do you take anything over the counter vitamins, nothing.
Brooke Sizemore: No, no, I have a burst and rolling bland.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. How long has that been in
Brooke Sizemore: Too long need to get it out.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You want another baby.
Brooke Sizemore: No, I don't know.
Brooke Sizemore: If
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You've got out, he's fine, he's potty trained, keep it for himself a bowl of cereal. Right.
Brooke Sizemore: Yeah yeah over me out. Yes.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So could you imagine have another baby and having to deal with all that again.
Brooke Sizemore: No, no, that's what I thought.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right. Um, I don't think I have any other questions. So, Marcus down on your calendar for Wednesday, I will see you then.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And if you do have any questions or comments or concerns, just contact me through here. Okay.
Brooke Sizemore: Okay. All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Thank you so much and you have a wonderful day.
Brooke Sizemore: When will the prescription. Be ready because there's probably a pre all so I don't want to go. If it's not ready.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I did. I'm sending it in. As soon as I get off the phone chick. But yes, he said, care for us right
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, as long as I do Suboxone the GIMP the trade name Suboxone and not subjects they should be OK.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Ok care so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Usually we just wants a prior authorization. If I'm doing so be tax.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But Suboxone they're usually okay with
Brooke Sizemore: All right. Thank you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, take care. Thanks. Bye bye.